hi everyone today we are going to make
convo chicken first we will marinate the
meat here's what you will need 1
tablespoon of soy sauce 1 tablespoon of
cocoa cherie and 1 tablespoon of
cornstarch
you
next we will make the sauce and here's
what you will need 3 tbsp of soy sauce 2
tbsp of cooking sherry 2 tablespoon of
white vinegar 1 tablespoon of brown
sugar 2 tbsp water and 1 tablespoon of
cornstarch and you will add the concert
last mixed together and set aside
you
now prepare this ingredients while the
meat marinades for 30 minutes here's to
what you will need 1 red bell peppers
chuck small 2 tablespoon of minced
garlic 1 tablespoon of minced ginger 6
dried red chili peppers finely chopped
and one-half cup unsalted roasted
peanuts
next let's certify this chicken hit a
pan over medium heat and add 2 tbsp of
vegetable oil when the pan is hot add
the chicken and stir fry for 5 minutes
you
the chicken is done remove the chicken
from the pan and purified
leave the oil in the pan will you get to
stir fry the other ingredients next add
the other ingredients and stir fry for
20 minutes
you
let's put the heat on high and then add
the sauce 12 top is taken
add the chicken
you
now add the chicken
okay now it's ready to serve
you